Update overview + reorganize Rust tutorial (#739)
CryptozombiesHQ/cryptozombie-lessons: en/24/06.md

          }

          #[endpoint]
          fn change_dna(&self, zombie_id: usize, dna: u64) {
              self.check_above_level(20u16, zombie_id);
              let caller = self.blockchain().get_caller();
              self.check_zombie_belongs_to_caller(zombie_id, &caller);
              self.zombies(&zombie_id)
                  .update(|my_zombie| my_zombie.dna = dna);
          }
      }
---

Whoever calls our `attack` function — we want to make sure the user actually owns the zombie they're attacking with. It would be a security concern if you could attack with someone else's zombie!

Can you think of how we would add a check to see if the person calling this function is the owner of the `zombie_id` they're passing in?

Give it some thought, and see if you can come up with the answer on your own.

Take a moment... Refer to some of our previous lessons' code for ideas...

Answer below, don't continue until you've given it some thought.

## The answer
We'll go back to `zombie_helper.rs`.

We've done this check multiple times now in previous lessons. In `changeName()`, `changeDna()`, and `feedAndMultiply()`, we used the following check:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```rust
```

let caller = self.blockchain().get_caller();
require!(
    caller == &self.zombie_owner(&zombie_id).get(),
    "Only the owner of the zombie can perform this operation"
);
```

This is the same logic we'll need for our `attack` function. Since we're using the same logic multiple times, let's move this into its own function to clean up our code and avoid repeating ourselves.

## Put it to the test

> 1. Create a functioncalled `check_zombie_belongs_to_caller`. It will take 2 argument, `zombie_id` (a `usuze`) and `caller` (a `&ManagedAddress`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a function called `check_zombie_belongs_to_caller`. It will take 2 arguments, `zombie_id` (a `usize`) and `caller` (a `&ManagedAddress`).
```

  The body should contain the require from the code above with caller being received as parameter.

> > Notice that in order to avoid cloning the address of the caller we will pass it through reference and compare it as reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note that, in order to avoid cloning the address of the caller, we will pass it and compare it as a reference.
```
